static/markdown/clash_royale_deck_suggester.md, before:

##### Preprocessing

Before using the dataset, I had to preprocess the data to make it easier for the model to train on.

For this summary, I will be doing the preprocess on `BattlesStaging_01012021_WL_tagged.csv`

Firstly, I removed the columns that I didn't need: Player tag, their ranking and the date of the battle.  
This reduced the amount of columns from 75 to 36 headings and the size of the file got reduced to 35% of its original size.

Here is a bar chart showing the number of cards used in the dataset:  
<img src="graphs/bar_chart_1.png"><br>

Since these are ladder matches, cards can be underleveled / overleveled and can lead to bias in the win percentage of the matches.  
Since some cards can be more powerful when overleveled against underleveled cards.

I removed the matches which all the card levels didn't match to reduce this bias.  
This reduced the amount of cards from a max of 1e6 to 400,000 as seen in this bar chart:

<img src="graphs/bar_chart_2.png"><br>

##### Tools And Technologies

*   Python
*   Pandas
*   Matplotlib

Commit message:

Update information about the CR deck suggester

static/markdown/clash_royale_deck_suggester.md, after:

##### Preprocessing

Before using the dataset, I had to preprocess the data to make it easier for a machine learning model to train from.

The project is set up with python notebooks ordered from 1 to 5 so it will be easy to follow along:
- 1-unzip_data.ipynb: This notebook combines the separated csv zip files located in the data directory and unzips the csv zip file
- 2-remove_columns.ipynb: This notebook removes the unneeded columns present in the data. This is to speed up the processing of csv file in the future.
- 3-remove_underleveled.ipynb: This notebook removes the battles with underleveled cards. If any of the cards in the battle do not match levels, then we can safely remove it. This is to prevent the machine learning model from learning any biases present from cards being more powerful than others due to levels.
- 3.5-count_cards.ipynb: This notebook counts the distribution of the cards and displays the count in a pie chart / bar chart.
- 4-generate-decks.ipynb: This notebook generates the decks csv from the cards in the data. This is done so that we can use the information of each deck without having to retrieve the deck from the data everytime.
- 5-search-decks-csv.ipynb: This notebook allows the user to search through the decks csv and retrieve the top 5 winrate decks from a card that they have inputted.   

##### Tools And Technologies

*   Python
*   Pandas
*   Matplotlib
